>> Bianca Gandolfo: Further
resources in case you wanted more.
I don't know why I just like this gif,
I think it's cute.
So we have a couple of things that I
recommend on finding master Brian Holt
has a computer science
in five hours course.
And then fundamasters will have upcoming
interview prep course right Mark?
>> Speaker 2: Yes.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And we also have
some other resources that I like.
I use geeks for geeks a lot,
you'll see that linked.
It's a crowd sourced website with a bunch
of different of data structure algorithms,
interview type questions, and
also you can practice there.
There's this github repo that someone
compiled while they were studying for
an interview, for like a Google interview.
It turned into pretty much like a book of
all kinds of stuff so that's pretty cool.
Cracking the coding interview is
a good one if you like to read.
Here's all the solutions
online which is nice.
They have Java Script solutions as well.
And also some ES5 solutions,
which is cool too.
So if you want to just
do a lot of practice.
So these are more like resources to read,
this is resources to watch and exercises.
And this is just only exercises, so
Leetcode is just a bunch
of random exercises.
Hacker rank is good to use in practice cuz
a lot of companies actually use this for
their interviews and
it has kind of a weird interface.
So, I recommend just trying out some
problems on Hacker Rank before you have to
do it in a high stakes situation, just
because it's a little tough to figure out.
Also, debugging and
hacker rank can be tough, and
they're tracking if you're copying and
pasting and things like that.
So, it's just something to practice with.
These two are pretty cool,
Interviewing.io and Primp,
they're real interview
where you can practice.
So one of them is where you
get interviewed by a peer, and
then another one is you're actually
getting interviewed by people anonymously.
You are anonymized.
I've never actually done this, but
someone was telling me about and
it sounds so cool.
You are anonymized when you interview,
and if you do well,
it's kind of like a dating app I guess.
If you do well or I guess if the
interviewer is interested in hiring you
then you could figure out where
they work and who they are.
So it's kind of cool
way to get practice and
maybe get introduced
to a cool opportunity.
[SOUND] Okay, thanks everyone.
We made it.
We made it through.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: [APPLAUSE]
>> [LAUGH] [APPLAUSE]